When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want to use a remote repository when you want to transfer your local work to github.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You might want to always pull changes manually because you can update a local repository through the use of a remote whenever you would like to. This is a better alternative because if you let Git do it automatically, then it may update your repository through a remote when you don't want it to. For example, the public repository on GitHub may contain some invalid code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are GitHub's way to copy a repository online. When you fork, you can get your own version of another repository, and from there, you can update your own changes. When you fork on GitHub, you can copy a repository onto GitHub. Cloning is similar. When you clone, you get access to a local version of a repository. However, the difference is that this repository is not copied on GitHub. Lastly, when you create a new branch, you can update this branch without affecting the initial master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

If you copy the most recent state of the remote and store it locally, you can update your own version of the remote any way you would like to without changing the original remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Another system that I could use to collaborate with others is Google Docs. It would be easier because I am more familiar with it than GitHub. However, it would also be harder because it doesn't offer the unique features that GitHub offers, such as push, pull, cloning, and forking.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Making a change in another branch decreases the chance that you will make a change that can change the entire system. Some benefits that this has is that you can take risks in this branch because there is always the master branch to back it up. 
